this is the darkest paint in the world
that you can buy I'm going to see if I
can use it to make my phone disappear so
I've specifically picked a phone that
has a removable back it's going to make
painting a whole lot easier plus this is
such a brightly colored back that the
difference is going to be really cool to
see oh now just to give you some sort of
idea normal white paint can absorb about
20% of visible light normal black paint
or something like the back of this phone
can absorb about 94% of visible light
this muso black paint can absorb up to
99.4% I Really Love this thing up oh God
if this works we'll have made the
darkest smartphone in the world dry time
and I'm hoping that using hot air like
this is also going to iron out the brush
stroke to make it completely smooth wait
this thing is so dark I can't even see
where the case ends and the paper begins
so let's do the reveal this is a black
phone this is the darkest phone ever